what's up everyone W drums here do
another path guide review we're doing
series 3 knock out tariffs in with his
new Wow how he gets the golden claw
gloves of his very interesting super
hungry gobble mobs so ready three two
one fight
alright upgrades we've got punch press
wine Wii U gamepad to punch the enemy
press y Weinhold Y to perform a combo
earth swim press a to burrow and while
underground press Y to perform a
belly-flop
brassknuckles punch add X to increase
damage mega belly flop belly flop does
increased damage and effects a larger
area feeding frenzy press X to spawn
mini sharks that burrow and latch on to
enemies always a fun multi target
punches punching tax hit multiple
enemies now and I chose the brawler path
as always we've got pug pug Ulis pug lit
fluids that pug list I don't know press
Y whine hold a for a body slam press YY
and hold X for an uppercut spiked
knuckles all punched X do even more
damage now I love this one frenzy shield
you launch mini sharks at enemies who
damage you and the soul gem surface
feeder collect power-ups while burrowed
and finally the brand new wow pal
have you met my kids while burrowed
press X to launch at enemies and hit
them with a claw swipe move as well with
mini shark allies so that further ado I
bring to you
knockout Terrapin
ah up how indeed my friend golden fist
baby ah fallen to watch this I get hit
they got attacked too so win-win so
there is the new Wow pal
I literally scooped out of the ground
and then all these baby sharks come out
then it's awesome and you keep going in
and out until it wears off which is
pretty cool I think that's very nifty
honestly I feel like the body slam kind
of lost the magic like it used to but
this well pal man is pretty epic not
gonna lie look all that damage you with
you because you have all the baby sharks
on your side now out there's the
uppercut Pat uh tough combo here's the
belly flop one
but a little stinker he is let's go son
oh happy conserving you but under your
covers more torture than pleasure and
just past your lips
there's more anger than laughter not
never one for ever well uh yeah uh
they're changing go so many enemies like
Ariel nice knock back there I'd say you
taught my heart
Sansa never knew I had ah you can't all
get you will die this time
I'll crush you with my ultimate body
slam that's how I go yes son party like
a rock star slash them with the guitar
yeah that song sucks but that was a nice
addition when you say
well there fella
ouchie you're right you're on my naughty
list
come here
he's left uh-oh and become surreal but
under yo Kevin yeah it's right that's
right we bad
oh yeah
combo time let's do it uppercut here we
go boom Soros or opes
that's not the move I wanted to do shoot
let's go son ah get that bone
bonus this stage job alright so that was
Series three knockout tariffs in hope
you enjoyed this review I don't know
which one I like better series two or
series three because honestly arm
I guess series three is better because
like series two you get to go back in
the ground but that's different though
because for series two you get to do a
belly flop and then go back in the
ground unharmed
this one you keep going back in the
ground for a certain period of time but
it's a little hectic because you're
moving around so fast so I don't know
honestly let me know in the comments
what you think series two or series
three is better uh and so thank you so
much for watching
god bless everyone have a great day
Bruce